Add ubuntu 20.04 and sles 15 as FOSS and PE master build targets (#601)
puppetlabs/ezbake: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

Added:

>   * (RE-14499) Add sles15 as a FOSS and PE master build target
>   * (RE-14541) Add ubuntu 20.04 as a FOSS and PE master build target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * (RE-14499) Add sles15 as a FOSS and PE primary server build target
  * (RE-14541) Add ubuntu 20.04 as a FOSS and PE primary server build target
```
